this video is sponsored by oculus we're
playing when an oculus rift s and we're
checking out the walking dead saints and
sinners also known as absolute terror I
don't tend to play horror games in this
chat oh because I can barely handle them
but when the opportunity for this came
about I thought it'd be a good laughs
and I want to try give it a go
and now I have PTSD so thanks oculus the
game was actually class though like the
fact that I'm so on edge playing it
speaks volumes for a horror game the
rift s is oculus is most powerful VR
headset featured improved optics and
ergonomic design and insight trackin and
someone who is still very inexperienced
with VR it's quite easy to use and get a
feel for if you like what you see in
this video there's a link in the
description below to pick up a headset
for yourself after the walkers brain to
kill it I just want to make sure he's
deaf I haven't slide the chamber around
eject magazine now that you've seen all
there is to see would you like to exit
that you've seen all there is to see
just remember them walkers out there
ain't gonna treat you as kindly as the
ones in here now that you've seen all
there is to see at Council how'd you
like to exit the combat go through that
senseless violence those were plain
renegades our home the other making
everyone's skin crawl with their Horror
Show tanks no like mr. bean I mean like
I've seen where he's in the car but he's
given like the middle finger to everyone
any walk past
that's me evil with thumbs up in the
apocalypse you know I gotta you gotta
encourage people bad times you know
someone needs to be like positive
reinforcement those bodies in the oh
yeah their bodies oh boy I can't wait to
visit New Orleans Oh interactive
presents your - graveyard Strasse this
is like the last place you want to be in
a zombie apocalypse I'm sorry ma'am
ma'am please please get off my
screwdriver fun fact for every watching
the stream I actually hate horror games
I cuz I'm too scared when I play I
understand they're a good horror game so
I can't handle
so I'm actually quite [__] terrified
plans Jesus you need a hand
let me help you I have no one else to
turn to
I'm here to help I love that it lets you
do that I could very easily just let go
here and die oh my god
Oh just start shooting oh god damn it
if you leave from the location where you
died huh yeah I've spent I have a spoon
I've a spoon
how's that work
[Applause]
I don't think it's gonna work be wary
because I have a gun and I'm very afraid
right now that was the worst kind of
people to give guns I am NOT a brave man
nor do I claim to be anybody oh that's
what I'm talking about you want dance oh
no where's the way back get me back to
the [__] bow it's uh it's hard to
describe how terrifying it is when it's
with the heads up because it is ten
times scarier because it's right in
front you I suspect you're the one I'm
hearing all the radio chatter about the
drifter uh the one they call the tourist
I don't know if I'm a tourist here I
mean I've never been to New Orleans why
the [__] is the tourist yeah whatever
you're not fooling anybody tourists
they're happy act if you're not up here
with the rest of us where are you
that's uh that's classified
you don't have clearance I don't know
what talk to you right now you gotta
find them
we coming for you probably nothing
hold on I just go to bed I did it oh
[__] you who Oh don't walk in the crypts
at night this is like if zombies don't
get you the ghosts will go back to my
battle bus and just never venture out
again I've had my adventure I'm ready to
retire there's a lot of dead people
there there's someone in there
hello hey come in now he has a gun I can
I suggest you get lost if you enjoy
leaving give me the shiny gum thanks
mister do good
I gotta stop playing with corpses I'm at
getting better at that I wasn't supposed
to walk into that shut the door real
quick
good job what's this oh it's a glue I
shouldn't try to drink that the frying
pan how much is the pan do not bad I did
it oh he's got a shot I couldn't help
myself
we're gonna need this okay I hate this
oh thank you thank you very much and
help he's on me oh no they remember they
remember I'm out of breath oh no no no
[__] that's all I have yeah me too buddy
get this [__] first then you you're
kidding me get off me
I've got anything in here oh no you
can't finger good note thanks again to
oculus for sponsoring this video if you
liked what you saw here there is a link
in the description below to pick up a
headset for yourself